[Music]
really lightly I was really surprised
and it's it's really really really like
it's got everything
originally I did apply to do my masters
at some universities in London but I
don't think I would be able to go here
it's perfect size I like personally
nottingham the night here the green is a
green city I play cricket and whatever
eyes eyes I want I can do it
[Music]
have been to the unit
like when I was younger to learn
language by all those things they have
never lived abroad and I thought it was
gonna be quite difficult in here it's
like actually quite the opposite it's an
international City I could fit in you
see you can find people from different
places and they're all friendly and
joggers are suggesting that struggling
I've not only - this is the engineering
faculty and amazing but I also like the
campus I like the town I just like the
whole feel like that they can take you
everywhere temp them have a very
effective transport system we know from
the Train and also this there's a lot of
social things and lots of gigs coming to
town and you've got the Trent arena and
rocks phony and denier this ballets and
theaters and cinemas
some lots of pubs and schnapps so yeah
it's great
[Music]